Add Developer Tools section and restructure AWS docs (#691)
localstack/localstack-docs: src/content/docs/aws/developer-tools/running-localstack/index.mdx

---
title: Overview
description: Tools for starting, stopping, and managing your LocalStack emulator.
template: doc
editUrl: false
sidebar:
    order: 1
---

import SectionCards from '../../../../../components/SectionCards.astro';

> There are several tools used to start, stop, and manage the LocalStack emulator. Whether you prefer the established LocalStack CLI, the next-generation `lstk` CLI, or driving LocalStack from an AI assistant through the MCP server, these tools give you control over the lifecycle of your local cloud environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several tools are available to initialize, manage, and terminate the LocalStack emulator. Whether you utilize the standard LocalStack CLI, the next-generation `lstk` CLI, or the MCP server for AI-driven management, these interfaces provide complete control over the lifecycle of your local cloud environment.
```
